on the south edge of Dallas is a
favorite spot for mountain bikers Cedar
Hill State Park it is an escape right
here in the middle of the Metroplex
there's a three mile loop and eight mile
loop and a twelve mile loop this is a
trail for everybody we want everybody to
come out and be able to enjoy it at
their level take their time if they want
to goes right by the lake we're right
here go ahead but even for the most
advanced rider there's plenty challenge
you've got some really thick wooded
sections sections that you go along the
lake followed by some prairie so a good
variety as you ride and you as you run
through the through the park you're
gonna be engaged you won't be bored I
like the diversity of the trails they're
not necessarily real technical but
they're beautiful we have a lot of
switchbacks a lot of climbing some long
slopes that'll wear you out but of
course and that means you got a nice
downhill coming one reason cyclists
enjoy these trails so much is that they
built and maintained them dorba doesn't
really good job of organizing the the
trail work day knocked mesquite down
door buzzing acronym for the dallas
off-road bicycle Association trail
itself has been 100 percent maintained
by volunteer hours last year was a
record year for us we had over 10,000
hours contributed to trail maintenance
in North Texas and on this trail alone
we exceeded over 750 hours that's in one
year mesquite stops with your weed eater
most of our work is in cutting back the
vegetation
it's a labor of love especially as much
as we're out here we owe it but you know
we're past that now I mean this is where
we want to be this is a good way to stop
work cold drink of water and breakfast
we take a lot of pride in the trail and
we're out here anywhere from two to five
times a week running riding the trails
or maintaining the trails this place is
like a gym in the Metroplex I would
highly recommend it